fix(subgraph_service): when the subgraph connection is closed or in error, return a proper subgraph response (#5859) (#6065)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_bnjjj_fix_fatal_error_subgraph_response.md

> ### fix(subgraph_service): when the subgraph connection is closed or in error, return a proper subgraph response ([PR #5859](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5859))
> 
> When the subgraph connection is closed or in error, return a proper subgraph response containing an error. This was preventing subgraph response service to be triggered in coprocessor and rhai.
> 
> By [@bnjjj](https://github.com/bnjjj) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5859

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Interrupted subgraph connections trigger error responses and subgraph service hook points ([PR #5859](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5859))

The router now returns a proper subgraph response, with an error if necessary, when a subgraph connection is closed or returns an error.

Previously, this issue prevented the subgraph response service from being triggered in coprocessors or Rhai scripts.

By [@bnjjj](https://github.com/bnjjj) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5859
```

> ### fix(subgraph_service): when the subgraph connection is closed or in error, return a proper subgraph response ([PR #5859](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5859))
> 
> When the subgraph connection is closed or in error, return a proper subgraph response containing an error. This was preventing subgraph response service to be triggered in coprocessor and rhai.
> 
> By [@bnjjj](https://github.com/bnjjj) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5859

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Interrupted subgraph connections trigger error responses and subgraph service hook points ([PR #5859](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5859))

The router now returns a proper subgraph response, with an error if necessary, when a subgraph connection is closed or returns an error.

Previously, this issue prevented the subgraph response service from being triggered in coprocessors or Rhai scripts.

By [@bnjjj](https://github.com/bnjjj) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5859
```
